" There are some people who may argue that Jacob Zuma 's sex life is a matter of private morality or ' culture ' , but this is not so .
The African Christian Democratic Party said Zuma was undermining the government 's drive to persuade people to practise safe sex to combat HIV / AIDS .
A source close to Zuma told Reuters that the president , a traditionalist who practises polygamy and has three wives , had acknowledged in a legal document being the father of a child with Sonono Khoza , 39 .
Khoza , the daughter of Irvin Khoza who heads the local organising committee for the 2010 FIFA World Cup , gave birth to a girl in October last year .
" Zuma acknowledges that the child is his and accepted full responsibility " , the source said . Sonono Khoza has undertaken not to speak to the media , the source added .
The presidency has said previously that Zuma has 19 children . Zuma 's spokesman was not available for comment . Zuma married for the fifth time last month , taking Tobeka Madiba as his third current wife .
Zuma defended polygamy at the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos last week . Asked whether he treated all his wives equally , Zuma replied : " Absolutely , totally equally " .
Experts funded by the European Union are currently reviewing gate and passport control procedures at Sanaa and other Yemeni airports , project manager Fawzi al - Zioud of the International Organisation for Migration said .
" There is no chance for anyone not going through security , " said Mohamed al - Farasi , deputy manager of Sanaa airport .
[ ID : nTOE60O09J ] " So long as the VPN is outside of mainland China , it should not be a problem , " said Danny Levinson , publisher of ChinaTechNews.com .
" In China , accessing Facebook and Twitter are the main reasons why clients sign up , " said Chris Matthews , who runs the California - based Freedur and targets expatriates .
[ ID : nTOE60O09J ] " So long as the VPN is outside of mainland China , it should not be a problem , " said Danny Levinson , publisher of ChinaTechNews.com .
" In China , accessing Facebook and Twitter are the main reasons why clients sign up , " said Chris Matthews , who runs the California - based Freedur and targets expatriates .
" Having received assurances that additional capacity exists both here and among our international partners , we determined that we can resume these critical flights , " White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said in a statement .
Laura Silsby , a leader of the Idaho group , told CNN , " The truth ultimately is that we came here to help the children , and we know that God will reveal truth . "
The rice was given only to women who had received numbered coupons from relief workers who had identified those most in need in the sprawling camp , said Jacques Montouroy of the Catholic Relief Services group running the distribution .
This is the only way for food to trickle down to everybody , " said Montouroy .
UN Secretary - General Ban Ki - moon arrived on Cyprus Sunday to inject momentum into peace talks between the island 's estranged Greeks and Turks .
LARNACA , Cyprus , Feb 1 ( bdnews24.com/Reuters ) - UN Secretary - General Ban Ki - moon arrived on Cyprus Sunday to inject momentum into peace talks between the island 's estranged Greeks and Turks .
Greek Cypriot leader Demetris Christofias and Turkish Cypriot leader Mehmet Ali Talat have been locked in peace talks for the past 16 months .
Any agreement between Christofias and Talat has to pass a referendum on both sides of the island .
Diplomats are concerned chances of a deal could recede if Talat , viewed as a moderate , loses a leadership election in northern Cyprus -- a breakaway state recognized only by Ankara -- in April .
Percival had also said on Sunday : " I am keen that genuine students from Bangladesh continue to study at high quality institutions in the UK .
" This ( recall ) was expanded across the globe and has really put Toyota under the spotlight , " said Hiroaki Osakabe , a fund manager at Chibagin Asset Management .
Jim Lentz , president of Toyota Motor Sales U.S.A. and a 28-year veteran at the carmaker , is also due to appear on U.S. morning TV shows , including NBC 's Today .
" Recent negative newsflows on Toyota point to an opportunity for Hyundai Motor to increase their market share overseas , " said Kong Jeong - ho , an analyst at Prudential Investment & Securities .
Jim Lentz , president of Toyota Motor Sales USA . , is also due to appear on a US morning TV show , the Today Show .
Jim Lentz , president of Toyota Motor Sales USA . , is also due to appear on a US morning TV show , the Today Show .
The operations resumed at around 2 am , Md Mojibur Rahman , Teletalk 's managing director , told bdnews24.com .
Park Ji - sung got the third seven minutes after the interval and Arsenal had only the minor consolation of Thomas Vermaelen 's deflected volley 10 minutes from time .
" We delivered a completely off - the - mark performance and that 's why we were well beaten , " Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said .
Arsenal 's Andrei Arshavin escaped three times down the left but finished poorly on each occasion while Nani looked highly dangerous down the United right .
Rooney turned the ball into the path of Nani before sprinting 70 metres to collect the return and sweep it in first time .
United 's third was another long - range break and hesitant defending allowed Park to travel from halfway before calmly slotting his first goal of the season .
Vermaelen 's goal led to a brief flurry but United held out quite comfortably and Arsene Wenger 's side must bounce back immediately at Chelsea .
United manager Alex Ferguson said he would be hoping Arsenal found their form against Chelsea .
Ferguson had special praise for the " unbelievable Rooney . " " He was the key player for us and they could just could not handle him . He was a really great player today , " he said .
In Sunday 's other game , Emmanuel Adebayor marked his return from Togo 's traumatic time at the African Nations Cup with the opening goal in Manchester City 's 2 - 0 win over bottom club Portsmouth at Eastlands .
Vincent Kompany headed the second as City won without breaking sweat to close on Liverpool and Tottenham Hotspur in the battle for fourth place .
A woman wrapped in an explosives belt went inside the tent and killed and wounded ( many people ) and children , " said pilgrim Sahib , who was near the tent .
The office of Baghdad security spokesman Major General Qassim al - Moussawi said that the bombing occurred in a crowd and that 19 people were killed , with 80 wounded .
More violence is likely during the Arbain religious period and before the election as suspected Sunni Islamist groups try to undermine Maliki 's Shia - led government .
Arbain marks 40 days of mourning for Hussein , the Prophet Mohammad 's grandson , who died in a 7th Century battle at Kerbala .
Arbain was once suppressed like other Shi'ite gatherings under Saddam . Tens of thousands of troops and police have been deployed to protect pilgrims and also around the revered Imam Hussein shrine in Kerbala .
Residents and medical officials said several bombs struck the city 's northern Suqa Holaha , or livestock market , district .
" At least 16 people died and 71 others were wounded in four districts of Mogadishu , " Ali Yasin Gedi , vice chairman of the Elman Peace and Human Rights Organisation , told Reuters .
On Sunday , al Shabaab spokesman Sheikh Ali Mohamud Rage called on Djibouti to reconsider its decision .
" We warn the Djibouti government and strongly recommend that it not send its troops here , otherwise there will be bad consequences for it , " Rage told reporters in Mogadishu .
A full six - member bench , led by chief justice Tafazzul Islam , set the date on Monday .
The Fifth Amendment was meant to provide constitutional legitimacy to the governments in power — military or otherwise — following the 1975 assassination of the nation 's founding father Sheikh Mujibur Rahman .
In its ruling , it declared three illegal regimes between August 15 , 1975 and 1979 , headed by Khandaker Mushtaque Ahmed , Abu Sa'dat Mohammad Sayem and Ziaur Rahman .
Rising prosperity will increasingly put pressure on food supply in India and the country urgently needs to boost farm productivity , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Monday .
NEW DELHI , Feb 1(bdnews24.com / Reuters ) - Rising prosperity will increasingly put pressure on food supply in India and the country urgently needs to boost farm productivity , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Monday .
" We must also recognise that in a globalised world , it will never be possible to insulate ourselves from the pulls and pressures of international demand and supply , " Singh said .
The pupils in the southern town of Gryfow Slaski told the daily they liked the idea and also the priest , Grzegorz Sowa , who invented it .
We do n't have to stand in a line to get the priest 's signature ( confirming our presence at the mass ) in our confirmation notebooks , " said one pupil , who gave her name as Karolina .
Police detained up to 100 anti - Kremlin protesters , including leading opposition figure Boris Nemtsov , in central Moscow Sunday , despite an appeal by rights group Amnesty International to let the rally go ahead .
Nemtsov , a former deputy prime minister , is leader of the opposition group Solidarity and one of the toughest critics of the Kremlin and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin .
At a similar rally in December , police detained 82-year - old Soviet - era activist Lyudmila Alexeyeva , prompting a rebuke from the administration of US President Barack Obama .
ACTIVIST ALEXEYEVA Nemtsov wagged his finger at the policeman guarding her . " You are shaming Russia , " he said .
and " Russia without Putin ! " At least 300 people tried to join the meeting and 100 were detained , Interfax news agency quoted police spokesman Viktor Biryukov as saying .
A Reuters reporter saw at least two dozen people detained , including two journalists and activist Oleg Orlov , head of rights group Memorial .
" We came here to show not everyone in Russia is loyal to the regime , " Orlov told journalists before he was dragged to a waiting bus .
Prime minister Sheikh Hasina will fly to Kuwait on Feb 8 to hold bilateral talks with the leaders of the Sheikhdom , a foreign ministry official has said .
Dhaka , Feb 01 ( bdnews24.com)—Prime minister Sheikh Hasina will fly to Kuwait on Feb 8 to hold bilateral talks with the leaders of the Sheikhdom , a foreign ministry official has said .
Foreign ministry sources say the prime minister will discuss the problems of Bangladeshi workers with the Kuwaiti Amir . She is also expected to seek Kuwaiti assistance in dredging of Bangladeshi rivers .
Prime minister Sheikh Hasina stressed the role of books in a nation 's development as she inaugurated the Bangla Academy 's annual Amar Ekushey Boi Mela on Monday .
Dhaka , Feb 1 ( bdnews24.com ) – Prime minister Sheikh Hasina stressed the role of books in a nation 's development as she inaugurated the Bangla Academy 's annual Amar Ekushey Boi Mela on Monday .
I myself address the UN in Bangla , " Hasina said .
The then UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan laid the foundation stone of the institute . "
Hasina condemned opposition BNP for halting the work , saying , " They do not understand the real value of their mother language . "
Hasina repeated the AL government 's pledge during their last tenure to create a cultural belt encompassing Bangla Academy , Suhrawardi Udyan and Dhaka University .
Bangla Academy director general Shamsuzzaman Khan presented a vision to make the academy a " true research organisation for Bangla language and literature " . He said , " Until now , the academy has only published educational books .
Khan said the academy had also taken steps to publish an authentic Bangla grammar book .
The inauguration was presided over by National Professor Kabir Chowdhury and attended by culture minister Abul Kalam Azad and culture state minister Promodkumar Mankin amongst others .
After her inaugural address , Hasina opened the Language Movement Museum at the academy premises , and went on to visit stalls of the month - long fair .
A full six - member bench , led by chief justice Tafazzul Islam , set the date on Monday after six days of hearings on the petitions that began on Jan 19 .
Chief state counsel Mahmudul Islam said : " Parliament has no authority to suspend the constitution .
Attorney general Mahbubey Alam said : " The Fifth Amendment was passed in parliament on April 5 1979 to give validity to Martial Law up to April 9 that year .
The Fifth Amendment was meant to provide constitutional legitimacy to the governments in power — military or otherwise — following the 1975 assassination of the nation 's founding father Sheikh Mujibur Rahman .
In its ruling , the High Court declared three illegal regimes between August 15 , 1975 and 1979 , headed by Khandaker Mushtaque Ahmed , Abu Sa'dat Mohammad Sayem and Ziaur Rahman .
Delwar 's lawyer Moudud Ahmed said in Monday 's hearing : " The High Court ruling said that Ziaur Rahman had taken over power . But at that time his movement was restricted indoors . "
" Zia did not suspend the constitution , nor did he impose martial law .
Zia was not responsible for those actions . "
Moudud , who was a minister in both martial administrations of Ziaur Rahman and HM Ershad , said : " The Supreme Court should not give any ruling that reflects the wish of a certain political party .
Another of Delwar 's lawyer TH Khan said the government wanted to uphold the High Court ruling by using the Supreme Court 's seal to avoid a referendum .
The latest fighting broke out on Sunday afternoon in the militant stronghold of Wara Mamoon and lasted until midnight , local government official Bajaur Abdul Malik told Reuters .
Malik said 15 militants and one soldier were killed and 10 militants were wounded . Pakistan 's Taliban denied a report on Sunday that their leader Hakimullah Mehsud was killed in a US drone aircraft strike .
The latest fighting broke out on Sunday afternoon in the militant stronghold of Wara Mamoon and lasted until midnight , local government official Bajaur Abdul Malik told Reuters .
Malik said 15 militants and one soldier were killed and 10 militants were wounded . Pakistan 's Taliban denied a report on Sunday that their leader Hakimullah Mehsud was killed in a US drone aircraft strike .
Pakistan 's Taliban denied a report on Sunday that their leader Hakimullah Mehsud had been killed in a US drone aircraft strike .
PESHAWAR , Pakistan , Feb 1 ( bdnews24.com/Reuters ) - Pakistan 's Taliban denied a report on Sunday that their leader Hakimullah Mehsud had been killed in a US drone aircraft strike .
" We 're inquiring further but so far there 's no confirmation , " said army spokesman Major General Athar Abbas .
In August 2009 , a US drone strike killed Pakistan Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud .
Substitute Stefano Okaka scored with a stunning backheel two minutes from time to give flying AS Roma a 2 - 1 Serie A win over bottom side Siena on Sunday .
MILAN , Feb 1 ( bdnews24.com/Reuters ) - Substitute Stefano Okaka scored with a stunning backheel two minutes from time to give flying AS Roma a 2 - 1 Serie A win over bottom side Siena on Sunday .
Roma have won their last four games to surge level on points with second - placed AC Milan , who ended a difficult week by labouring to a 1 - 1 home draw with struggling Livorno .
New Juventus caretaker coach Alberto Zaccheroni , who replaced the sacked Ciro Ferrara on Friday , got off to a mixed start with a 1 - 1 home draw against former club Lazio .
Alessandro Del Piero went down under a challenge from Modibo Diakhite and slotted in the 70th - minute penalty before Lazio 's Stefano Mauri netted from close range to extend Juve 's winless run to five matches .
Juve fans , gave a lukewarm reception to Zaccheroni given he has been out of work for three years and also coached rivals Inter , Milan and Torino .
PERFECT MOMENT The little - used Okaka was due to make a loan move to Fulham but was named in Sunday 's squad because four Roma forwards were out injured , including Francesco Totti and Luca Toni .
The 20-year - old entered the fray on the hour after John Arne Riise 's terrific volley put Roma ahead before Simone Vergassola equalised from a tight angle late in the first half .
Okaka then found the perfect moment to score his first league goal this term with a potent backheel from eight metres . " I told him ' you 're not leaving now ' .
Before kick off , chief executive Adriano Galliani declined to deny reports of a swap between Milan left back Marek Jankulovski and Inter winger Mancini on Monday 's transfer deadline day .
Ronaldinho struck a post before David Beckham swung in a cross and Massimo Ambrosini hooked home a minute from the break .
Livorno , whose coach Serse Cosmi resigned last week before changing his mind , deservedly equalised on 53 minutes when Cristiano Lucarelli prodded in Claudio Bellucci 's scuffed shot .
Striker Adrian Mutu has been suspended for testing positive for a banned appetite suppressant and Fiorentina 's bid to sign Antonio Cassano from Sampdoria as his replacement fell through .
Cassano was injured but Samp still sealed their second straight win after a bad spell with a 2 - 0 victory over Atalanta .
President Barack Obama will seek on Monday to strike a balance between taming skyrocketing US budget deficits and giving the economy a boost to ease the pain of double - digit unemployment .
WASHINGTON Feb 1 ( bdnws4.com/Reuters ) - President Barack Obama will seek on Monday to strike a balance between taming skyrocketing US budget deficits and giving the economy a boost to ease the pain of double - digit unemployment .
President Barack Obama will seek on Monday to strike a balance between taming skyrocketing US budget deficits and giving the economy a boost to ease the pain of double - digit unemployment .
WASHINGTON Feb 1 ( bdnws4.com/Reuters ) - President Barack Obama will seek on Monday to strike a balance between taming skyrocketing US budget deficits and giving the economy a boost to ease the pain of double - digit unemployment .
President Barack Obama on Monday projected the budget deficit would peak at a fresh record in 2010 before easing as he pushes for fiscal responsibility while battling double - digit unemployment .
WASHINGTON , Feb 1 ( bdnews24.com/Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Monday projected the budget deficit would peak at a fresh record in 2010 before easing as he pushes for fiscal responsibility while battling double - digit unemployment .
Polls show voters are worried by the weak condition of U.S. finances , and Obama plans to create a bipartisan fiscal commission to figure out options on taxes and spending .
I think the problem is we spend too much , " Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement .
This rise was partly due to spending associated with a package of emergency stimulus measures Obama signed last year as the United States grappled with recession .
However , the deficit was forecast to fall to roughly half that as a share of the economy in the final year of Obama 's term in 2012 , meeting a key pledge .
" To continue job creation and to continue economic growth over time , it is important to bring those out - year deficits down , " White House budget chief Peter Orszag told reporters .
But Republicans are reluctant to serve on the panel , fearing this gives Obama cover to raise taxes , while some members of his own Democratic party oppose cuts in spending .
The president , whose own approval ratings have declined to about 50 percent , blames the surge in red ink on his predecessor , President George W. Bush .
President Barack Obama on Monday projected the US budget deficit would soar to a fresh record in 2010 , challenging his push for fiscal responsibility while driving to defeat double - digit unemployment .
Polls show voters are worried by the weak condition of US finances , and Obama plans to create a bipartisan fiscal commission to figure out future options on taxes and spending .
This latest rise was partly due to spending linked to a package of emergency stimulus measures Obama signed last year .
" To continue job creation and to continue economic growth over time , it is important to bring those out - year deficits down , " White House budget chief Peter Orszag told reporters .
Discontent over the jobless rate translated into political defeat for Obama 's Democrats in a recent election for the US Senate in Massachusetts , foreshadowing significant losses for the party in midterm congressional elections in November .
" We 're trying to kind of accomplish a soft landing in terms of our fiscal trajectory to avoid the risk of 1937 where we do excessive deficit reduction too quickly , " Orszag said .
But Republicans are reluctant to serve on the panel from fear this gives Obama cover to raise taxes , while some members of his own Democratic party oppose cuts in spending .
The president , whose own approval ratings have declined to about 50 percent , blames the surge in red ink on his predecessor , President George W. Bush .
Andy Murray needs to tap into the knowledge of some of the " icons of the game " if he is to move from Grand Slam contender to champion , according to six - time major winner Boris Becker .
Sunday 's loss was closer , but not much , as only in the third set did Murray begin to show the aggression and risk - taking necessary to disturb Federer 's cruise to his 16th Grand Slam .
Becker said that Murray had played the best major tournament of his career in Melbourne but that it had also revealed that he needs to work on his aggression .
" I was looking at Andy 's box during the match and there was no one up there who knows what it is like to be out in a Grand Slam final .
" You need to talk to people like John McEnroe , Jimmy Connors , someone Andy would listen to and respect .
For Murray , it is now about playing the right shot at the right time , not running or going to the gym . "
Keraniganj police said a murder suspect committed suicide in their custody in the early hours of Monday .
Keraniganj , Feb 1 ( bdnews24.com)—Keraniganj police said a murder suspect committed suicide in their custody in the early hours of Monday .
They said that Lutfur Rahman Miah , 38 , detained in connection with the torching and killing of a woman named Nazma , had hung himself in the police station 's toilet .
Also known as ' Manik ' , the suspect is the son of Addu Miah , from Munshi Nawabdah village in Kalatia union of the upazila .
The police said Manik was arrested Sunday afternoon and committed suicide some time after midnight , but his father said he was arrested days ago .
Keraniganj police chief Asaduzzaman told bdnews24.com that Manik had been brought back to the police station at 3:30am Monday morning after the police arrested two more suspects in connection with Nazma 's death .
Manik was a day labourer and occasional rickshaw puller , with three sons and a daughter , Addu said .
Keraniganj police retrieved the burnt body of Nazma , a woman from Maniknagar under Hazratpur , on the evening of Jan 13 .
Nazma 's sister , Mamtaz , filed a murder case and Manik was arrested as a suspect .
Police chief Asaduzzaman said his men had first brought Manik in for quizzing on Wednesday , after finding his phone number in Nazma 's cellphone .
Taking Manik with them , the police raided a number of places through Sunday night and picked up two more men Anwar Hossain , 30 and Aslam , 48 , in connection with Nazma 's death .
Dhaka police super Iqbal Bahar told reporters after inspecting the scene of the reported suicide , " Unlike other police station toilets , this one was n't a half - walled affair . "
Asked if the suicide indicated failure in police monitoring , Bahar said , " Yes , I must admit it 's a failure of ours . "
The government has appointed career diplomat Mosud Mannan as Bangladesh 's next ambassador to Germany , the foreign ministry said in a statement Monday .
Dhaka , Feb 01 ( bdnews24.com)—The government has appointed career diplomat Mosud Mannan as Bangladesh 's next ambassador to Germany , the foreign ministry said in a statement Monday .
The government in the last two years did appoint two officers — first MAK Mamood and then Giasuddin Ahmed — as ambassadors to Germany .
Mannan is currently serving as Bangladesh ambassador to Morocco . He joined the foreign service in 1986 , according to the foreign ministry statement .
" In the immediate future , the European Union will be pretty much self - obsessed , " said Daniel Korski of the European Council on Foreign Relations think - tank .
" Stefan Fuele actually has some low - hanging fruit , " said Katinka Barysch from the Centre for European Reform think - tank . " He starts his job by getting Croatia in fairly quickly .
Formula One burst back to life on Monday with Michael Schumacher presenting his new Mercedes and Ferrari 's Felipe Massa back on track six months after suffering life - threatening head injuries .
Completing a hat - trick of comebacks , veteran Spaniard Pedro de la Rosa made his first appearance in three years as a fully - fledged racing driver when he tested the new Sauber .
Barrichello was also out on track in the new Williams , making a low - key debut with the team deciding against a formal launch .
Gary Paffett gave the sleek - looking new McLaren its test debut , before world champion Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton get their hands on it later in the week .
LANDMARK YEAR The STR5 is the first car Red Bull - owned Toro Rosso have built and designed separately from the Red Bull Racing team , in line with new regulations banning " customer cars . "
Principal Franz Tost hailed " a landmark year " for the Ferrari - powered team .
While others shrink , Toro Rosso have taken on an extra 80 staff and expanded their facilities as well as commissioning a wind tunnel in Britain that was bought from Red Bull .
" Making predictions ... is a dangerous trap but if pushed , I would say we must aim to finish in the top eight in the constructors ' championship , " said Tost .
Spanish - based Campos Meta have yet to name a partner to Brazilian Bruno Senna while the North Carolina - based US F1 team plan to carry out their first tests in Alabama .
Nesarul Arif , deputy police commissioner , Uttara Zone , told bdnews24.com , " The 30 - 35 year old body bore signs of stab wounds . "
Rickshaw puller Abdur Razzak whose rickshaw the dead man had hired last said , " The passenger hired my rickshaw at 10 am to go to the House Building office situated in sector 6 . "
" As I reached near Azampur Eidgah , some 5/6 people stopped us and started stabbing the passenger mercilessly before leaving the scene .
Zahir Molla , an eye witness to the murder , said , " As I proceeded to stop the miscreants , they hurled a cocktail in my direction . "
Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim heads for trial on Tuesday on a charge of sodomy , placing the country 's courts under scrutiny again after his doubtful conviction for the same offence almost a decade ago .
Anwar was tried first on corruption charges and then for sodomy after his sacking as Deputy Prime Minister in 1998 amid a political feud with then premier Mahathir Mohamad .
" For political cases , the public has grave concerns about the independence of the judiciary , " said Lim Chee Wee , vice president of the Bar Council of Malaysia .
The Anwar trials further undermined trust in the courts and public confidence in the judiciary ebbed further after a judicial appointments fixing scandal in 2007 , prompting the government to initiate a judicial reform effort .
" Well , I do n't think much has changed ( since Anwar 's last trial ) , " said Zaid , now a member of the opposition .
The government has denied any interference and has promised that Anwar would receive a fair trial . NO LEADERSHIP CHALLENGE Mahathir 's attack on the judiciary in the 1980s came after he narrowly survived a challenge to his leadership .
While there is no leadership challenge to current Prime Minister Najib Razak , he is struggling to rebuild confidence in his own political party .
Its scores are well below regional leaders Hong Kong and Singapore which ranked 14th and 19th respectively , undermining Najib 's bid to woo new foreign investment to help diversify the country 's export - dependent economy .
Efforts to reduce trial times drew praise from Malaysian International Chamber of Commerce and Industry Executive President Stewart Forbes whose body represents 1,000 members with over 110 billion ringgit ( $ 32.23 billion ) of investments here .
The recent ruling on the " Allah " case that allowed a Catholic newspaper to use the word in its Malay language editions has been hailed by critics , including Anwar , as a sign of judicial independence .
Additional secretary Anwarul Haque was made secretary to the Law and Justice Division , while additional secretary Mohammad Shahidul Haque was made secretary to the Legislative Drafting and Parliamentary Affairs Division .
The two were appointed after the ministry received a copy of the court order rendering illegal the appointment of former law secretary Kazi Habibul Awal .
The Supreme Court on in December last year upheld a 2008 High Court ruling that declared Awal 's appointment as acting law secretary illegal .
Deputy secretary ASM Zahirul Haque Dulal told bdnews24.com that the two new appointments were made through an official order of the law , justice and parliamentary affairs ministry , to give it its full name .
Awal , who was removed from the post of law secretary , has now been appointed anew in line with policy formulated in 2001 by the then Awami League - led government , Dulal said .
The High Court in its ruling ordered that the policy formulated by the Sheikh Hasina 's administration at that time should be maintained and executed as law .
Lynn Pascoe , under - secretary - general for political affairs , would visit North Korea from February 9 - 12 to discuss " all issues of mutual interest and concern in a comprehensive manner , " it said .
Surnajit Sengupta , the committee chairman , told bdnews24.com Monday that the bill would raise a basic question on how people would get redress if journalists and writers harassed people .
Law minister Shafique Ahmed on Jan 11 tabled the bill to amend the century old Criminal Procedure Code ( CrPC ) replacing the word " warrant " with " summon " .
" We have sent the bill back to the ministry for necessary clarification on the bill , " Sengupta told bdnews24.com Monday at his parliament office .
But , Sengupta said : " The minister does not know how the bill was sent to the parliament secretariat for introduction in parliament . "
Sengupta said the officials of the ministry informed us that the long overdue file was initiated during the tenure of the military - backed interim government .
Law minister Shafique Ahmed attended the meeting .
Police detained seven leaders and members of pro - opposition student wing Jatiyabadi Chhatra Dal from Dhaka University on Monday as they were reportedly protesting prime minister Sheikh Hasina 's presence on campus .
Amena Begum , sub inspector of Shahbag Police Station , said the arrestees included deputy secretaries of the central committee , Selina Sultana Nishita and Shawkat Ara Urmi , and central committee members Shahinun Nargis and Moushumi Nasrin .
Assistant general secretary of JCD central committee Salma Sultana Shoma told bdnews24.com , " Chhatra League workers attacked us at the TSC where we were protesting the prime minister 's visit .
Leaders of opposition BNP , including Jainal Abedin Faruk and Shahiduddin Chowdhury Annie , went to Shahbag Police Station in the afternoon and demanded release of the detained student activists .
LATEST COMMENTS MARC OSTWALD , CURRENCY , RATES STRATEGIST , MONUMENT SECURITIES , LONDON " When the deficit is that size and you want to cut it meaningfully , you have to do more . "
In terms of the dollar reaction , given risk aversion is on the table anyway , this counteracts what Obama is saying because risk aversion makes ownership of US government paper more attractive . "
PETER DIXON , ECONOMIST , COMMERZBANK , LONDON " Probably the spending cuts are not really sufficient to generate the kind of savings required to get the US fiscal balance back in order anytime soon .
NICK STAMENKOVIC , RIA CAPITAL MARKETS " This is just a confirmation of what he said in the State of the Union address last week and it should n't come as much of a surprise to markets . "
DAVID PAGE , ECONOMIST , INVESTEC " The US budget deficit is only projected to be curtailed back to 3.9 percent by five - years time , whereas in the UK we 're hoping to see a sharper curtailment .
LATEST COMMENTS MARC OSTWALD , CURRENCY , RATES STRATEGIST , MONUMENT SECURITIES , LONDON " When the deficit is that size and you want to cut it meaningfully , you have to do more . "
In terms of the dollar reaction , given risk aversion is on the table anyway , this counteracts what Obama is saying because risk aversion makes ownership of US government paper more attractive . "
PETER DIXON , ECONOMIST , COMMERZBANK , LONDON " Probably the spending cuts are not really sufficient to generate the kind of savings required to get the US fiscal balance back in order anytime soon .
NICK STAMENKOVIC , RIA CAPITAL MARKETS " This is just a confirmation of what he said in the State of the Union address last week and it should n't come as much of a surprise to markets . "
DAVID PAGE , ECONOMIST , INVESTEC " The US budget deficit is only projected to be curtailed back to 3.9 percent by five - years time , whereas in the UK we 're hoping to see a sharper curtailment .
" People will fall through the cracks and there will be a lot more deaths , " said Richard Wenzel , an infectious disease expert working in Port - au - Prince .
" The truth ultimately is that we came here to help the children , and we know that God will reveal truth , " Laura Silsby , a leader of the group , told CNN .
About 1,650 bags of rice were handed out without incident from the back of trucks in a distribution operated by Catholic Relief Services , said Jacques Montouroy , spokesman and logistics coordinator for the aid group .
This is the only way for food to trickle down to everybody , " said Montouroy .
Peter Nuttall of the World Concern aid group said there were still " a lot of angry people " in Port - au - Prince .
Back in Idaho , church pastor , Clint Henry defended his congregants , saying he believed it was a misunderstanding .
The director , George Willard said the children arrived in a poor state of health .
Patricia Gonzalez , attorney general for Chihuahua state that includes Ciudad Juarez , said the shooting was possibly linked to drug cartels .
Gonzalez said the dead included three adults and 11 minors .
" They were about 15 men , they closed off the surrounding streets and began shooting at the house as they moved inside , " said army spokesman Enrique Torres .
Prime minister Sheikh Hasina has said the government is working to include Bangla as the seventh official language of the United Nations .
Dhaka , Feb 1 ( bdnews24.com ) – Prime minister Sheikh Hasina has said the government is working to include Bangla as the seventh official language of the United Nations .
Hasina , while inaugurating the Amar Ekushey Book Fair at the Bangla Academy on Monday , said she speaks Bangla in all UN assemblies .
" They do not have any feeling for the Bangla language , " Hasina said .
Karachi police chief Waseem Ahmed said the violence erupted on Friday , when activists of the Muttahida Qaumi Movement ( MQM ) clashed with those of the Awami National Party ( ANP ) .
" At least 17 people have been killed in three days , " Ahmed told Reuters .
Karachi police chief Waseem Ahmed said the violence erupted on Friday , when activists of the Muttahida Qaumi Movement ( MQM ) clashed with those of the Awami National Party ( ANP ) .
" At least 17 people have been killed in three days , " Ahmed told Reuters .
Roger Federer supped champagne and partied until dawn in Melbourne Monday , savouring his first Grand Slam victory as a father but already looking forward to the defence of his French Open crown .
The 28-year - old Swiss defeated Andy Murray in the Australian Open final to extend his record to 16 major titles and dash British hopes of a first men 's Grand Slam champion in 74 years .
After celebrating with a few dozen friends at his hotel until sunrise , Federer was delighted to return to his room to find one of his daughters awake . " I quickly was able to see ( Myla ) .
I 'm not allowed to show any fatigue ( to wife Mirka ) ! " he joked .
" I hope I can defend my French Open crown obviously , but first things first , vacation , practice and Dubai again , " said Federer , referring to the Dubai Championships later this month .
President Barack Obama unveils his budget request on Monday , but the actual decisions about how the government raises and spends money are made on Capitol Hill in a process that usually lasts most of the year .
For example , Obama requested a 37 percent increase for the Environmental Protection Agency last year after what Democrats saw as years of neglect under the administration of Republican George W. Bush .
" Any lingering concern that India 's manufacturing recovery was tailing off should be well and truly put to rest by this strong release , " said Robert Prior - Wandesforde , senior Asian economist at HSBC in Singapore .
" Exports are not yet on a firm basis and it will be some time before it stabilises , " said D.H. Pai Panandikar , head of RPG Foundation , a private think tank .
Substitute Mohamed Nagui scored five minutes from time to hand Egypt an unprecedented third successive African Nations Cup title after a 1 - 0 victory over Ghana on Sunday .
LUANDA , Feb 1 ( bdnews24.com/Reuters ) - Substitute Mohamed Nagui scored five minutes from time to hand Egypt an unprecedented third successive African Nations Cup title after a 1 - 0 victory over Ghana on Sunday .
This is the best team ever in the history ( of African football ) , " said victorious coach Hassan Shehata .
" We won this to make up for the disappointment of the World Cup , " defender Wael Gomaa told a news conference .
Striker Asamoah Gyan , who played a lone role up front , was full of enterprise and came close with several efforts , all of them from outside the box .
Egypt had two opportunities midway through the second half but both Emad Moteab and Zidan were let down by their first touch .
Ghana might have forced the game into extra time with the last attack of the match after a cross from Samuel Inkoom evaded the Egypt defence but fell wide off the chest of substitute Eric Addo .
Captain Ahmed Hassan , named man of the match , became the first player to win four Nations Cup medals .
The decision came at a cabinet meeting on Monday , the prime minister 's press secretary Abul Kalam Azad told reporters .
It also welcomes the execution on Jan 28 of five detained convicts for the 1975 muder of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman .
US Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Asia - Pacific Wallace Gregson said Washington aimed to maintain cooperative , cordial relations with China but would not abandon Taiwan .
Sanctions on plane - maker Boeing Co could give its rival Airbus more leverage in negotiations with Chinese buyers , said Thompson .
" It 's difficult to take what are global problems and use them as a tool to vent frustration over a bilateral issue , " Thompson , the Washington - based researcher , said of China 's options .
U.S. Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Asia - Pacific Wallace Gregson said Washington aimed to maintain cooperative , cordial relations with China but would not abandon Taiwan .
Sanctions on plane - maker Boeing Co could give its rival Airbus more leverage in negotiations with Chinese buyers , said Thompson .
" It 's difficult to take what are global problems and use them as a tool to vent frustration over a bilateral issue , " Thompson , the Washington - based researcher , said of China 's options .
Chinese state media laid into the United States on Monday after the Obama administration unveiled its first arms package for Taiwan , a move that prompted China to impose sanctions on the firms involved .
The United States should " truly respect China 's core interests and major concerns , and immediately rescind the mistaken decision ... in order to avoid damaging broader China - US relations , " Yang said .
Crowley , the State Department 's chief spokesman . " We believe our policy contributes to stability and security in the region , " he said .
" We 've come so far and now we 'll go even further -- to push forward and save even more lives , " said Health Secretary Andy Burnham .
" The government 's dictatorial approach to tobacco control is hardly conducive to changing consumer lifestyle choices , " said chief executive Christopher Ogden .
" We 've come so far and now we 'll go even further -- to push forward and save even more lives , " said Health Secretary Andy Burnham .
" The government 's dictatorial approach to tobacco control is hardly conducive to changing consumer lifestyle choices , " said chief executive Christopher Ogden .
Enamul Haque put Bangladesh ahead in the 42nd minute with a powerful right - footer from the top of the D - box taking a pass from Waly Faisal . Five minutes after the break Nasir doubled the margin .
Yousuf added the third goal in the 68th minute and Jitu completed the winners ' tally scoring a 73rd minute penalty .
Liverpool manager Rafa Benitez reiterated his commitment to the Premier League club Sunday after media reports in Italy linked him with a move to Juventus .
LONDON , Feb 1 ( bdnewss24.com/Reuters ) - Liverpool manager Rafa Benitez reiterated his commitment to the Premier League club Sunday after media reports in Italy linked him with a move to Juventus .
The lifter , who has been training hard for the last 13 months , lifted 117 kg in the snatch and 140 kg in the clean and jerk , which was two kilos more than his compatriot Monoronjon Roy .
Roy cleared 120 kg in the snatch and 135 kg in the clean and jerk to grab the silver and Md Mustafa Kamma of Afghanistan lifted 200 kg to finish third .
On Sunday , Ekramul Haque won silver in the two combined categories of snatch , and clean and jerk .
Ekramul Haque won silver on Sunday in the two combined categories of snatch , and clean and jerk .
" Avatar " ventured further into rarefied territory at the worldwide box office during the weekend , surpassing the $ 2 billion mark days after it broke the record held by " Titanic . "
James Cameron 's 3-D sci - fi spectacular has grossed $ 2.039 billion after seven chart - topping weekends of release , distributor 20th Century Fox said on Sunday .
It did predict that " Avatar " would break " Titanic 's " North American record of $ 601 million by Wednesday .
Kathryn Bigelow added another trophy to her collection on Saturday at the Directors Guild of America Awards . Only six times in 62 years has the DGA winner not gone on to take the Oscar for best director .
" Titanic " picked up 14 nominations and won 11 prizes including best picture , director and editing for Cameron . Elsewhere in North America , Mel Gibson opened at a distant No .
Warner Bros. distribution president Dan Fellman said he considered the opening weekend to be a " sneak preview " and he hoped positive word of mouth would sustain its performance in coming weekends .
Also new was the widely lambasted Walt Disney Co. romantic comedy " When in Rome , " starring Kristen Bell and Josh Duhamel .
4 with $ 10 million in its second weekend ; the total for the Dwayne Johnson comedy rose to $ 26 million at the box office .
5 with $ 8.8 million ; after three weeks , the Denzel Washington drama has earned $ 74 million .
" Avatar " ventured further into rarefied territory at the worldwide box office during the weekend , surpassing the $ 2 billion mark days after it broke the record held by " Titanic . "
James Cameron 's 3-D sci - fi spectacular has grossed $ 2.039 billion after seven chart - topping weekends of release , distributor 20th Century Fox said on Sunday .
It did predict that " Avatar " would break " Titanic 's " North American record of $ 601 million by Wednesday .
Kathryn Bigelow added another trophy to her collection on Saturday at the Directors Guild of America Awards . Only six times in 62 years has the DGA winner not gone on to take the Oscar for best director .
" Titanic " picked up 14 nominations and won 11 prizes including best picture , director and editing for Cameron . Elsewhere in North America , Mel Gibson opened at a distant No .
Warner Bros. distribution president Dan Fellman said he considered the opening weekend to be a " sneak preview " and he hoped positive word of mouth would sustain its performance in coming weekends .
Also new was the widely lambasted Walt Disney Co. romantic comedy " When in Rome , " starring Kristen Bell and Josh Duhamel .
4 with $ 10 million in its second weekend ; the total for the Dwayne Johnson comedy rose to $ 26 million at the box office .
5 with $ 8.8 million ; after three weeks , the Denzel Washington drama has earned $ 74 million .
Standing committee chairman Suranjit Sengupta told bdnews24.com on Monday , however , that the adviser 's intervention in the ministry had " surprised " him .
No one acted as secretary in - charge , meaning that the ministry could do nothing since Dec 17 , " Sengupta told bdnews24.com at his office .
Sengupta said that his committee recommended that the government appoint a law secretary on the basis of seniority and service rules in line with the court 's judgment .
In August , the standing committee unanimously observed that adviser HT Imam had persuaded Sheikh Hasina to send two judges into forced retirement because of their protest over separation of the judiciary from the executive .
The watchdog body also summoned HT Imam , enjoying the rank of a cabinet minister , for his alleged role beyond his jurisdiction .
H T Imam , however , did not have to face questioning in front of the standing committee as the then law secretary Kazi Habibul Awal unconditionally shouldered the entire responsibility of wrongly suspending the two judges .
The post of law secretary , however , became vacant since Dec 17 as the court in its verdict termed the appointment of Kazi Habibul Awal as ' illegal ' . Awal appealed against the verdict .
Although Suranjit Sengupta disclosed the name of the adviser , bdnews24.com has not yet been able to secure the adviser 's reaction or comments and therefore refrains from disclosing the identity .
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Monday peace talks with Israel could be restarted if Israel would be prepared to stop building settlements for " a certain period . "
BERLIN , Feb 1(bdnews24.com / Reuters ) - Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Monday peace talks with Israel could be restarted if Israel would be prepared to stop building settlements for " a certain period . "
Abbas was speaking at a joint news conference in Berlin with German Chancellor Angela Merkel . Abbas has insisted that settlement expansion be halted in the West Bank before negotiations stalled since 2008 may resume .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said he was ready to resume peace talks unconditionally .
Rahman struck gold twice at the Grammy Awards on Sunday , adding to the Oscars he won last year for the film 's soundtrack and theme song " Jai Ho " .
Rahman struck gold twice at the Grammy Awards on Sunday , adding to the Oscars he won last year for the film 's soundtrack and theme song " Jai Ho " .
Rahman , 44 , beat Grammy veteran Bruce Springsteen in the motion picture song category while " Slumdog Millionaire " swept aside " Inglourious Basterds " and " Twilight " to win best compilation soundtrack for a film .
Country - pop starlet Taylor Swift and R&B star Beyonce were the big winners at the awards ceremony in Los Angeles .
Despite earlier international credits such as the Andrew Lloyd Webber musical " Bombay Dreams " , it is Rahman 's work on British director Danny Boyle 's " Slumdog " that endeared him to Western critics .
Rahman struck gold twice at the Grammy Awards on Sunday , adding to the Oscars he won last year for the film 's soundtrack and theme song " Jai Ho " .
Rahman struck gold twice at the Grammy Awards on Sunday , adding to the Oscars he won last year for the film 's soundtrack and theme song " Jai Ho " .
Rahman , 44 , beat Grammy veteran Bruce Springsteen in the motion picture song category while " Slumdog Millionaire " swept aside " Inglourious Basterds " and " Twilight " to win best compilation soundtrack for a film .
Country - pop starlet Taylor Swift and R&B star Beyonce were the big winners at the awards ceremony in Los Angeles .
Despite earlier international credits such as the Andrew Lloyd Webber musical " Bombay Dreams " , it is Rahman 's work on British director Danny Boyle 's " Slumdog " that endeared him to Western critics .
Panchbibi police chief Biman Chandra and witnesses said that a truck laden with bricks was headed to Koria village from Panchbibi when one of its tires burst at Keshabpur .
The other four passengers and the driver were rushed to Panchbibi upazila health centre .
In Jhenidah , three people were killed and three others injured when a bus and a tempo collided head - on at Govindapur in Shailkupa Upazila at around 8:30am on Monday , police said .
The deceased were identified as Matiar Rahman , 45 , and grandson Akash , 8 , of Royerha village and Rabiul Islam , 22 , of Govindapur .
Of the injured , the condition of Rabu , 20 , a student of Islami University , was critical , doctors said .
Shailkupa police chief Anwar Hossain said the tempo collided head - on with the bus of MM Paribahan .
Monaem Hossain , an eye - witness , said the bus almost crushed the tempo under its wheels and dragged the mangled vehicle along the road for about 150 yards .
Hathazari police chief Md Ismail Hossain said the fire originated from an oven of the house of Ali Ahmad at around 11:30pm and then spread to the neighbouring houses of Md Babul and Md Shukkur .
The dead were identified as Babul 's wife Raju Akhter , 35 , daughter Sathi Moni , 5 , three sons Saiful Islam , 10 , Shariful Islam , 3 and Sakibul Islam,7 .
Fire fighters brought the blaze under control at around 1 am , Hossain said .
Jhenidah , Feb1 ( bdnews24.com)— Three people were killed and three others injured when a bus and a tempo collided head - on on the road at Govindapur in Shailkupa Upazila at 8:30am on Monday , police said .
The dead were identified as Matiar Rahman , 45 , and his grandson Akash , 8 , of Royerha village and Rabiul Islam , 22 , of Govindapur .
Of the injured , the condition of Rabu , 20 , a student of Islami University , was critical , doctors said .
Shailkupa police chief Anwar Hossain said the tempo collided head - on with the bus of MM Paribahan .
Monaem Hossain , an eye - witness , said the bus almost crushed the tempo under its wheels and dragged the mangled vehicle along the road about 150 yards .
Bandarban , Feb 1 ( bdnews24.com ) – Police rescued 16 children from a suspected trafficker at a boarding house in Bandarban on Monday . The suspect Mohan Tripura was arrested and was being quizzed , police said .
Jatindra Chandra Tipura , a guardian of one of the rescued children , said Mohan Tripura took the children from their guardians saying that they would be enrolled in a residential school in Bandarban town .
Mohan also took admission fees from the guardians , Jatindra said . Sub - inspector Mirza Hasan said they did not find any residential school in the town by the name that Mohan had given .
India hero Yusuf Pathan is taking " great pleasure " from his match - winning performance against New Zealand in the fourth one - dayer in Bangalore .
Bangalore , Dec 9 ( bdnews24.com ) -- India hero Yusuf Pathan is taking " great pleasure " from his match - winning performance against New Zealand in the fourth one - dayer in Bangalore .
Despite having his back against the wall at the start of his innings , Yusuf was convinced that India would end up victors .
" With Rohit Sharma and Saurabh Tiwary , I rotated the strike well .
India 's charge to victory was held up by rain at the end of the 36th over , but Yusuf says the break gave captain Gautam Gambhir an opportunity to give him advice .
" Gautam was telling me to utilise the Powerplay to good effect . He advised me not to throw my wicket away at any stage .
Captain Daniel Vettori says they were looking good for their first win of the series until Yusuf came to the party .
" We got some early wickets but then Yusuf played that knock and we could not do much , " he said .
" We had a defendable total and our batsmen did well , especially James Franklin scored 98 off 69 balls and that was pretty impressive but in the end Yusuf Pathan took the game away from us .
It is not that we just focused on Gautam Gambhir . Yes , he ( Gambhir ) was coming in with two hundreds but we did look at the others too . "
Prime minister Sheikh Hasina has urged the womenfolk to resist all oppressions with confidence rather than opting for suicide .
FULL STORY Dhaka , Dec 9 ( bdnews24.com ) — Prime minister Sheikh Hasina has urged the womenfolk to resist all oppressions with confidence rather than opting for suicide .
Addressing a programme on Roquia Day at Osmani Auditorium on Thursday , Hasina said , " Men and women will have to move ahead together to take the country forward . "
On the occasion of Roquia Day , Sheikh Hasina also handed over medals to Meher Kabir and Ayesha Jafar for their contributions to welfare and empowerment of women .
Hasina alleged that her government in 1996 formulated Women Development Policy , which was cancelled by the BNP government in 2001 . She vowed to reactivate the policy .
Online collective Anonymous appears to be using social networking site Twitter to coordinate attacks on websites belonging to entities it views as trying to silence WikiLeaks .
Those released Thursday showed U.S. diplomats reporting that the illicit diamond trade in Zimbabwe had led to the murder of thousands , enriched those close to President Robert Mugabe and been financed in part by the central bank .
The only ( person ) you could really get hold of was Julian , but unfortunately he 's not available at the moment , " said " Coldblood . "
One of the documents released by the WikiLeaks website alleges that Saleh essentially promised Washington he would lie about US strikes in Yemen on al Qaeda targets .
" We 'll continue saying the bombs are ours , not yours , " Saleh told General David Petraeus , then head of US Central Command , on Jan. 2 , according to one of the cables .
It can be seen here In another cable , Saleh was quoted offering unfettered access to Yemeni territory for US counterterrorism operations .
here " There will be repercussions , " said Gregory Johnsen , a Yemen expert at Princeton University .
" What President Saleh and the US wanted to avoid is that perception that Yemen really is much like Iraq and Afghanistan , in that Yemen is under Western military attack . "
Washington has been quietly ramping up its role in Yemen , acutely aware that too big of a footprint could exacerbate fierce anti - American sentiment in Yemen and undermine Saleh 's already weak central government .
Juan Zarate , a former US deputy national security adviser for combating terrorism , said the WikiLeaks disclosures could make it more difficult for Saleh to cooperate openly with the West -- at least in the short run .
" The WikiLeaks controversy will no doubt make the calculus in Sanaa and for President Saleh more complicated .
Zarate said Saleh may be more reluctant to host US officials for counterterrorism training . " That may one of the examples of things where cooperation may be slowed but not ultimately disrupted , " Zarate said .
A cable from May 2009 disclosed a suspected al Qaeda plot to fire a surface - to - air missile at Saleh 's presidential plane .
here Another cable published by WikiLeaks showed how Saleh had leveraged US interest in cracking down on al Qaeda into resources for his government .
After the capture of an insurgent in 2005 , " Saleh did not waste time for his usual quid - pro - quo tactics , " the embassy wrote .
it quoted Saleh asking .
" I do n't think this is something that we 're able to judge in the coming weeks or the coming months , how serious these revelations have been , " Johnsen said .
One of the documents released by the WikiLeaks website alleges that Saleh essentially promised Washington he would lie about US strikes in Yemen on al Qaeda targets .
" We 'll continue saying the bombs are ours , not yours , " Saleh told General David Petraeus , then head of US Central Command , on Jan. 2 , according to one of the cables .
It can be seen here In another cable , Saleh was quoted offering unfettered access to Yemeni territory for US counterterrorism operations .
here " There will be repercussions , " said Gregory Johnsen , a Yemen expert at Princeton University .
" What President Saleh and the US wanted to avoid is that perception that Yemen really is much like Iraq and Afghanistan , in that Yemen is under Western military attack . "